feat: add kmeans documentation (#17)
SFTechnologies/spectrify-docs: content/import-metadata.mdx

export const imagePath = '/images/spectra-table/';

The Import Metadata feature allows users to add metadata to their existing spectra by uploading a plain text file (**.csv** or **.txt** ) containing the metadata information. This provides flexibility in associating relevant data with the spectra, enabling better organization and further analysis.

### Plain Text File Format

The file should adhere to the following format:

- The first row should contain the column headers, which can have any names chosen by the user.
- Subsequent rows represent individual records or entries.
- Decimal separators should be either point (.) or comma (,)

> - Fields should be separated by one valid delimiter: comma ( , ), semicolon ( ; ), pipe ( | ), space or tab ( ).

Reviewer: To avoid confusion between delimiter and separator.
```suggestion
- Fields should be delimited by one of these characters: comma ( , ), semicolon ( ; ), pipe ( | ), space or tab.
```

Author: Changed

> - If the file contains commentaries or textual information, lines can be skipped.

Author: Yo y mis false friends T_T

Changed!

```
  Index,Compound Name,Lot #,Date Entered,Notes

>   1,4-Acetoxy-NN-Dimethyltryptamine Oxalate,H-0705,01/16/2014,note 1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  1,4-Acetoxy-N,N-Dimethyltryptamine Oxalate,H-0705,01/16/2014,note 1
```

Author: Esto es una cosa que quizás debería haber comentado, pero por acelerar he esperado a la revisión.

- En algún momento configuraste que si el separador es "," y el valor del campo contiene una "," esta pueda ser leída correctamente al ir entrecomillada.
- En el estado actual, no funcionaba correctamente. Importaba como campo el número 4 e ignoraba el resto del texto (también pasaba con un 5 en la misma tabla). Es decir:

 `"4-Acetoxy-N,N-Dimethyltryptamine Oxalate"` se léia como `4`

- Al ser un caso muy extremo, con total responsabilidad por parte del usuario, decidí simplificarlo y adaptarlo al funcionamiento.

Author: Done

   <Image
     src={`${imagePath}import_metadata1.png`}
     alt='import metadata 1'
     width={400}
     height={65}
     style={{ display: 'block', margin: '0 auto' }}
   />

> 3. Click on the "Choose your File" button and select your metadata file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Click the "Choose your File" button and select your metadata file.
```

Author: Done!

4. Review the Preview.
   <br />
   <Image
     src={`${imagePath}import_metadata2.png`}
     alt='import metadata 2'
     width={700}
     height={65}
     style={{ display: 'block', margin: '0 auto' }}
   />

> If needed, adjust the settings:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If needed, you can adjust the settings:
```

Author: Done!

> - Specify the decimal separator.
> - Specify a custom delimiter character (other than comma).
> - Skip a specific number of rows at the beginning of the file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Specify the decimal separator.
- Specify a delimiter character other than comma.
- Skip a specific number of rows (lines) at the beginning of the file.
```

Author: Done!

If an error occurs during the metadata import process, an error message will be displayed, indicating the nature of the problem. Common issues include:

- Invalid file format
- Mismatch between the number of metadata entries and the number of spectra

> To resolve import errors, review your file and ensure that it adheres to the required format. Make any necessary corrections and attempt the import again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To deal with import errors, review your file and ensure that it adheres to the required format. Make any necessary corrections and attempt the import again.
```

Author: Done!
